Kirk: SPACE:
THE FINAL FRONTIER.
THESE ARE THE VOYAGES
OF THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
ITS FIVE-YEAR MISSION:
TO EXPLORE STRANGE NEW WORLDS,
TO SEEK OUT NEW LIFE
AND NEW CIVILIZATIONS,
TO BOLDLY GO
WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 5483.7.
THE ENTERPRISE IS EN ROUTE
THROUGH AN UNFAMILIAR SECTOR
OF SPACE
WHERE A SERIES
OF EARTH FEDERATION SHIPS
HAVE DISAPPEARED MYSTERIOUSLY
DURING THE LAST 150 YEARS.
RECENT JOINT DISCUSSIONS
WITH THE KLINGON
AND ROMULAN EMPIRES
HAVE REVEALED THAT A STARSHIP
HAS DISAPPEARED IN THIS SECTOR
PRECISELY EVERY 27.346
STAR YEARS.
IF MY CALCULATIONS
ARE CORRECT, CAPTAIN,
WE HAVE 20 SECONDS TO GO.
20 SECONDS TO WHAT?
THAT'S WHAT WORRIES ME.
LIEUTENANT UHURA,
PLACE THE SHIP ON YELLOW ALERT.
AYE, SIR. YELLOW ALERT.
[ALARM BLARING]
FIVE SECONDS.
FOUR, THREE...
ALL STATIONS REPORT
YELLOW ALERT STATUS, SIR.
[BEEPING]
CAPTAIN, I'M GETTING
SOME SORT OF SUBSPACE
RADIO SIGNAL.
PUT IT ON SHIP'S SPEAKER.
[STATIC BUZZING, SIGNAL HUMMING]
IT'S MORE LIKE MUSIC
THAN A MESSAGE.
[SIGNAL HUMMING]
CAPTAIN, WE ARE BEING PROBED.
FROM WHERE?
CAN YOU TRACE IT?
THE SIGNAL IS COMING FROM A
STAR SYSTEM 20 LIGHT-YEARS AWAY.
CAN YOU IDENTIFY IT?
IT IS THE TAUREAN SYSTEM.
A SMALL STAR
AT THE EXTREME EDGE
OF THIS SECTOR.
THAT'S A POWERFUL SIGNAL
TO REACH HERE
FROM THAT GREAT A DISTANCE.
IT SEEMS TO BE CALLING US.
STRANGE.
YES, I GET
THE SAME FEELING MYSELF.
IT DOES RESEMBLE A SUMMONS.
I FIND NO RESEMBLANCE
TO A SUMMONS, CAPTAIN.
OPINION NOTED.
SET A COURSE FOR THE TAUREAN
SYSTEM, LIEUTENANT AREX.
WARP FACTOR 7.
Chapel:
YOU WANTED ME, LIEUTENANT?
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
I AM.
BUT I WANT YOU
TO OBSERVE THE MEN HERE.
IT SEEMED TO START
WHEN WE PICKED UP THAT SIGNAL,
AND IT'S GOTTEN WORSE.
FASCINATING.
LIKE A VULCAN MARRIAGE DRUM.
I AM EXPERIENCING
AUDIO-VISUAL SUGGESTION,
CAPTAIN.
SO AM I.
DIMENSIONAL VISIONS.
ANY IDEA WHAT'S CAUSING THEM,
SPOCK?
LOGICALLY, WE MUST ASSUME
THEY ARE CREATED BY THE PROBE.
SIR, WHAT VISIONS?
WE DON'T SEE ANYTHING.
MISS CHAPEL,
YOU DON'T SEE ANYTHING,
EITHER?
-NO, SIR.
-TAKE A MEDICAL READING, NURSE.
LIEUTENANT UHURA,
CALL DR. McCOY TO THE BRIDGE.
SICKBAY, DR. McCOY.
PLEASE REPORT TO THE BRIDGE.
DR. McCOY?
NO RESPONSE.
MAGNOLIAS IN BLOSSOM.
BEAUTIFUL.
[SIGNAL HUMMING]
THE SIGNAL'S
GETTING STRONGER, SIR.
Kirk: RE-SCAN YOUR SENSOR
READINGS, MR. SPOCK.
READINGS ARE
STILL INCONCLUSIVE.
IT IS ODD THAT ONLY THE MEN
ARE AFFECTED, CAPTAIN.
[BEEPING]
I SUGGEST...
Scotty: SHIP'S LOG,
STARDATE 5483.8.
ENGINEERING OFFICER SCOTT
IN COMMAND.
WE ARE IN ORBIT
AROUND PLANET TWO
IN THE TAUREAN SYSTEM.
PROBES AND SENSORS
INDICATE THERE WAS ONCE
A VAST CIVILIZATION HERE.
[BEEPING]
[SCOTTY SIGHS]
LOVELY. LOVELY.
HOWEVER, LIFE READINGS
ARE SPARSE AND CONCENTRATED.
CAPTAIN KIRK IS
BEAMING DOWN
WITH A SCOUTING PARTY
TO INVESTIGATE.
THESE FIGURES JUST DON'T
MATCH UP WITH SPOCK'S.
SO FAR, I COUNT
THREE SENSOR READINGS
THAT ARE OFF.
Kirk:
FANTASTIC ARCHITECTURE.
ONLY AN INCREDIBLY
ADVANCED RACE
COULD HAVE BUILT IT.
YOU WANT ALL THOSE
ROUTINE READINGS, SIR?
NO, I DON'T THINK SO, CARVER.
SPOCK WILL DO IT.
THERE IS SOMETHING
COMPELLING ABOUT IT.
YES, I FEEL IT TOO, BONES.
CAPTAIN,
THE URGENCY OF OUR FEELING
SUGGESTS VISUAL COMPULSION.
I ADVISE REMAINING
AT A DISTANCE
UNTIL I CAN DETERMINE
THE EXTENT OF ITS INFLUENCE.
THE LIFE FORMS ARE
INDICATED IN ITS CENTER.
THERE'S NO APPARENT DANGER,
SPOCK.
LET'S GO.
Theela: THEY ARE HERE.
[GASPING]
OH, SUCH WONDROUS ONES.
WONDROUS ONES.
THEY HONOR US.
I AM THEELA,
THE HEAD FEMALE.
WELCOME, JAMES KIRK,
DR. McCOY, MR. SPOCK.
WELCOME.
THE FORM IS HUMANOID, BUT THERE
ARE MANY INTERNAL DIFFERENCES.
THEIR BODIES
APPEAR TO FUNCTION
ON AN UNUSUAL
PSYCHOKINESIS LEVEL.
FIRST TIME I EVER ADMIRED
A BODY FUNCTION.
HOW DO YOU KNOW OUR NAMES?
THE OPTO-AUD
REVEALED YOU TO US.
[HUMMING]
TONAL CONTROL.
FASCINATING.
THE OPTO-AUD WILL REVEAL
WHATEVER IS ASKED, MR. SPOCK.
WE ARE GRATEFUL
THAT YOU HEARD THE SIGNAL,
CAPTAIN.
THE SIGNAL?
A DISTRESS CALL,
WASN'T IT?
I WILL EXPLAIN
ITS MEANING LATER.
WE HAVE PREPARED A FEAST
TO CELEBRATE YOUR PRESENCE.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 5483.9.
THE BEAUTY OF THIS PLACE
IS UNEQUALLED.
IT'S THE ANSWER
TO ALL OF MAN'S DREAMS.
EXQUISITE IN EVERY WAY.
WE'RE HERE TO INVESTIGATE...
TO INVESTIGATE...
THE WOMEN RADIATE DELIGHT.
THESE ARE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL
WOMEN IN THE GALAXY.
BUT WHERE ARE THE MEN?
THEY OCCUPY ANOTHER COMPOUND.
THAT MAKES SENSE.
MR. SPOCK.
SPOCK...
TAKE THEM
TO THE SLUMBER CHAMBERS.
THEY MUST REST.
PROBABLY THAT NECTAR.
IT'S POTENT AS SAURIAN BRANDY.
McCoy: JIM. JIM!
RESULTS OF EVERY SCAN
RUN BY THE WOMEN
SCIENCE TEAMS.
IF THERE IS AN ANSWER,
IT'S HERE.
Computer: COMPUTER ON.
SUMMATION OF MEDICAL,
BIOLOGICAL, ASTROPHYSICAL
SCANS.
WORKING.
PROBE DIRECTED AT SHIP
FROM PLANET SURFACE
IS SEVERELY ENERVATING
TO HUMANOID MALES.
EXPOSURE CAUSES
INCREASING WEAKNESS.
POSSIBLY TO POINT OF DEATH.
LIEUTENANT UHURA
TO SECURITY OFFICER DAVISON.
DAVISON HERE.
I WANT AN ALL-WOMAN
SECURITY TEAM
ON EVERY TRANSPORTER
IMMEDIATELY.
NO ONE IS TO TRANSPORT
DOWN TO THE PLANET
UNLESS IT IS ON MY ORDER.
Davison:
AYE, AYE, LIEUTENANT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
TAKING COMMAND OF THIS SHIP.
WE MUST RETURN
TO OUR DUTIES ABOARD SHIP.
YES. DUTIES.
THAT'S IT. DUTIES.
I HAVE...
YOU CANNOT LEAVE,
MR. SPOCK.
YOU ARE NEEDED HERE.
SOON, ALL THE MEN ON YOUR SHIP
WILL FEEL AS YOU DO.
THEY ARE ALL NEEDED,
AND THEY WILL JOIN US.
WE MUST GO.
OBSTRUCT THEM!
[SCOTTY SINGING
MELANCHOLICALLY]
MR. SCOTT,
AS SENIOR LIEUTENANT,
I'M TAKING RESPONSIBILITY
FOR THE SAFETY OF THIS SHIP.
VERY THOUGHTFUL OF YOU, LOVE.
SHIP'S LOG, SUPPLEMENTAL.
LIEUTENANT UHURA RECORDING.
DUE TO CHIEF ENGINEERING
OFFICER SCOTT'S EUPHORIC
STATE OF MIND,
I AM ASSUMING COMMAND
OF THE ENTERPRISE.
I ACCEPT FULL RESPONSIBILITY
FOR MY ACTION.
A DETAILED ACCOUNT
WILL BE RECORDED LATER.
NURSE CHAPEL,
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE,
YOU WILL ACT
AS CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER.
Chapel: YES, LIEUTENANT.
-THEY'VE GONE.
-YES.
YOUR MEDIKIT, DOCTOR.
IT MAY CONTAIN SOMETHING
WHICH WILL HELP US.
McCoy: I WONDER
WHY THEY LET ME KEEP IT.
PERHAPS THEY SAW
NO PRACTICAL USE IN IT.
CORTROPINE.
COULD HELP.
IT'S A STRONG STIMULANT.
GO AHEAD.
LOCKED.
HMM.
IF THE LOCK IS MAGNETIZED,
THIS MAY DISRUPT ITS FIELD.
[BEEPING]
ASSISTANCE. ASSISTANCE!
THE URN.
IT'S THE ONLY PLACE.
THIS WAY.
Woman:
THEY ARE NOT HERE, THEELA.
Theela: COME.
THEY MIGHT HAVE RETURNED
TO WHERE THEY LANDED.
THE HEADBANDS.
LOOK AT THEM.
I HAVE NOTICED
THAT THEIR GLOW DIMINISHES
WHEN THE WOMEN
ARE NOT PRESENT.
THEY COULD BE
POLARIZED CONDUCTORS
WHICH TRANSFER
OUR VITAL ENERGY
TO THE BODIES OF THE WOMEN.
YOU MEAN THEY'RE ACTUALLY
DRAINING OUR LIFE FORCES?
THAT WOULD ACCOUNT
FOR OUR RAPID AGING, CAPTAIN.
AND OUR WEAKNESS.
IF YOU RECALL,
THE WOMEN SEEMED
LISTLESS AT FIRST.
BUT AS OUR STRENGTH
HAS FAILED,
THEY HAVE BECOME
MORE ENERGETIC AND VITAL.
HOW LONG DO WE HAVE, SPOCK?
WE SEEM TO BE AGING
10 YEARS PER DAY, CAPTAIN.
10 YEARS?
IN FOUR DAYS,
WE'LL BE DEAD!
AND USELESS TO THEM.
THEELA SAID
THE OTHER MEN OF THE CREW
WOULD JOIN US HERE.
THEY'LL BE LURED
INTO THE SAME TRAP.
WE'VE GOT TO CONTACT
THE SHIP.
I HAVE RETAINED MORE STRENGTH
THAN ANY OF YOU.
MY INTERNAL STRUCTURE
IS DIFFERENT, CAPTAIN,
MY LIFE SPAN LONGER.
IT IS WISER IF I GO
TO THE TEMPLE TO TRY
TO FIND THE COMMUNICATORS
AND CONTACT THE SHIP.
[OPTO-AUD HUMMING]
THE EQUIPMENT BELONGING
TO THE MEN OF THE ENTERPRISE,
WHERE IS IT?
SPOCK TO ENTERPRISE.
Uhura: ENTERPRISE.
REQUEST RESCUE PARTY.
ALL-FEMALE.
REPEAT. ALL-FEMALE. ALL...
Uhura:
SHIP'S LOG, SUPPLEMENTAL.
LIEUTENANT UHURA COMMANDING.
WE HAVE ASSEMBLED
AN ALL-FEMALE RESCUE PARTY
IN ACCORDANCE
WITH MR. SPOCK'S REQUEST.
GREETINGS. I AM THEELA.
HEAD FEMALE
OF THIS COMPOUND.
LIEUTENANT UHURA
OF THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
WE'RE HERE TO LOCATE
CAPTAIN KIRK.
RETURN TO YOUR SHIP.
YOU ARE NOT WANTED HERE.
UNTIL WE FIND CAPTAIN KIRK,
WE WILL NOT LEAVE.
PHASERS ON STUN. FIRE!
SEARCH THE TEMPLE.
PARTIES OF TWO.
Uhura:
NO SIGN OF THEM ANYWHERE.
Spock: MISS CHAPEL.
-MISS CHAPEL.
-WAIT!
-WHAT IS IT?
-I HEARD SPOCK'S VOICE.
-CHRISTINE.
-IT IS SPOCK.
THERE MUST BE
A PANEL SOMEWHERE.
Chapel: MR. SPOCK!
SPOCK, WHAT HAPPENED?
[MUMBLING]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
WE'VE GOT TO GET
OUT OF HERE.
SPOCK. OH, SPOCK.
[WHISPERING]
INSTRUCT FEMALE ENGINEER
TO DIVERT SHIP'S ENERGY
I-INTO DEFLECTOR SHIELDS.
BLOCK PROBE.
WE TRIED THAT.
USE ALL SHIP'S ENERGY.
EVERYTHING CHANNELED
TO THE SHIELDS.
HURRY, CHRISTINE.
RELEASE CAPTAIN KIRK
AND HIS MEN,
OR WE WILL
DESTROY YOUR TEMPLE.
WAIT. I WILL TELL YOU
EVERYTHING.
[HUMMING]
THE PAST. REVEAL IT.
THIS IS THE RACE
FROM WHOM WE ARE DESCENDED.
THEY CAME TO THIS PLANET
WHEN OUR HOMEWORLD
BEGAN TO DIE.
THEY BUILT THIS PLACE
AND ALL SURROUNDING IT.
THEY DID NOT KNOW THIS PLANET
DRAINS HUMANOID ENERGY.
BUT THE WOMEN'S BODIES DEVELOPED
A GLANDULAR SECRETION,
ENABLING THEM TO SURVIVE
AND TO MANIPULATE CERTAIN
AREAS OF THE MALES' BRAINS,
INFLUENCE
THEIR EMOTIONAL SENSES.
ULTIMATELY,
IT DRAINED THE MEN,
CAUSED THEM TO WEAKEN AND DIE.
[THUNDER CLAPPING]
TO SURVIVE, WE MUST VITALIZE
EACH 27 YEARS OF YOUR TIME.
INSTEAD,
WE ARE ETERNAL PRISONERS.
WE NEITHER AGE NOR DIE.
WE ARE UNABLE
EVEN TO BEAR CHILDREN.
WHAT ABOUT CAPTAIN KIRK
AND THE OTHERS?
CAN THE OPTO-AUD LOCATE THEM?
WE SHALL SEE.
THE MEN OF THE ENTERPRISE,
REVEAL THEM!
Uhura: THEY'RE DROWNING!
WHERE ARE THEY?
THE NEAREST WATER ACCUMULATION
IS MANY CUSECS FROM HERE.
THAT LOOKS LIKE A POOL
OR--OR A TUB.
IT IS THE URN
IN THE GARDEN.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
PHASERS ON SETTING 1.
FIRE!
NO RESULTS, CAPTAIN.
WE'VE TRIED EVERYTHING
WE KNOW.
PERHAPS THE TRANSPORTER
IS THE KEY.
KEY TO WHAT?
OUR RESTORATION.
IT HOLDS THE MOLECULAR PATTERN
OF OUR ORIGINAL BODIES
WHEN WE BEAMED DOWN
TO THE PLANET.
SPOCK.
CAN THE TRANSPORTER
BE PROGRAMMED
TO RE-PATTERN US AS WE WERE?
POSSIBLY. BUT THE ODDS
AGAINST US ARE 99.7-TO-1.
WE ARE ON THE SURFACE,
MR. SCOTT.
REPROGRAM THE TRANSPORTER
AS PREVIOUSLY DIRECTED.
BUT THIS HAS NEVER
BEEN DONE BEFORE.
SUPPOSE IT FAILS?
THEIR PATTERNS WILL BREAK UP,
SCATTER IN SPACE.
TRANSPORTER REPROGRAMMED,
MR. SPOCK.
Kirk on intercom:
BEAM US UP, SCOTTY.
SCOTTY, WE'RE LOSING THEM!
-DID IT WORK?
-YOU'RE MORE HANDSOME THAN EVER.
TELL CAPTAIN KIRK
WE HAVE KEPT THE AGREEMENT.
A CREW OF WOMEN
WILL BRING A SHIP BACK.
YOU'LL BE TRANSPORTED
TO THE FIRST SUITABLE PLANET.
HOW QUICKLY WILL WE BECOME
AS OTHER WOMEN?
DR. McCOY SAYS IT SHOULD ONLY
TAKE A FEW MONTHS.
A LIFE OF HOPE.
NEW LEARNING.
PERHAPS LOVE.
OH, IT IS A MUCH BETTER FUTURE
THAN IMMORTALITY.